GH-3926: BeanNameGenerator for @MessagingGateway (#3927)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/gateway.adoc

Starting with version 6.0, an interface with the `@MessagingGateway` can also be marked with a `@Primary` annotation for respective configuration logic as its possible with any Spring `@Component` definition.

> The `@MessagingGateway.name()` attribute specifies a name for the target bean registered.
> If it is not provided, the  `@IntegrationComponentScan.nameGenerator()` (since version `6.0`) is consulted.
> And if that is not provided as well, an `AnnotationConfigUtils.CONFIGURATION_BEAN_NAME_GENERATOR` bean, provided for the application context, is used.
> Otherwise, the bean name generation falls back to the `AnnotationBeanNameGenerator` which results with an uncapitalized simple class name.
> In other words, the current naming strategy for gateway proxy beans is aligned with standard Spring Framework `@ComponentScan` approach.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@MessagingGateway.name()` attribute specifies a name for the target bean that will be registered.
If it is not provided, the  `@IntegrationComponentScan.nameGenerator()` (since version `6.0`) is consulted.
And, if that is not provided, an `AnnotationConfigUtils.CONFIGURATION_BEAN_NAME_GENERATOR` bean, if present in the application context, is used.
Otherwise, the bean name generation falls back to the `AnnotationBeanNameGenerator` which results with an uncapitalized simple class name.
In other words, the current naming strategy for gateway proxy beans is aligned with standard Spring Framework `@ComponentScan` approach.

```
